README.md, before:

# Intro to Cats-Effect

Cats Effect is a functional side effect library - I'll explain what that means, what it gives you, how to use it, and why you should care.

At Teikametrics we adopted this library in 2018, and I'll discuss how we approach application design using it, both from a green field perspective as well as the techniques we used to migrate a living codebase away from akka-streams without "the big rewrite".

## Slides

[Available online](https://daenyth.github.io/intro-cats-effect/)

## Video recording

The current version for Cats-Effect 3 is [on Vimeo](https://vimeo.com/586829749)

The older version for Cats-Effect 2 is [on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83pXEdCpY4A)

## Building

Code in `core` module is accessible in your slides

Raw slides are in `slides/tut/index.html`

### How to compile slides

run `sbt slides/mdoc` to compile slides using [mdoc][mdoc]. 
You can then view the slides by opening `docs/index.html` in your browser.

### How to publish slides with github

When you are ready push the repository to github (including the compiled slides in `docs`).
Then go to project settings -> GitHub Pages and select `master branch /docs folder` for 
the source of github pages.



This project was generated using [Giter8][g8] with template [presentation.g8][presentation.g8]


[g8]: http://www.foundweekends.org/giter8/
[presentation.g8]: https://github.com/julien-truffaut/presentation.g8
[mdoc]: https://scalameta.org/mdoc/

Commit message:

Add decline for ciris presentation (#1)
* Add decline for ciris users presentation

* Include rendered presentation

* Update README

README.md, after:

# `mdoc-presentations`

This repository holds presentations made with [`mdoc`]. 

## Slides

No publication set up yet, maybe someday

## Building

Presentations will be separated into sbt modules. Right now, the only module is `decline-for-ciris`. To build the presentation, you can run `sbt decline-for-ciris/mdoc` if you have `sbt` available locally. Alternatively, if you're a nix user, you can run `nix-shell --run 'sbt ~decline-for-ciris/mdoc'`. This command will start `mdoc` running in watch mode, so any changes you make to `decline-for-ciris/mdoc/index.html` will get built into `decline-for-ciris/docs/index.html`.

### How to publish slides with github

When you are ready push the repository to github (including the compiled slides in `docs`).
Then go to project settings -> GitHub Pages and select `master branch /docs folder` for 
the source of github pages.

This project was generated using [Giter8][g8] with template [presentation.g8][presentation.g8]


[g8]: http://www.foundweekends.org/giter8/
[presentation.g8]: https://github.com/julien-truffaut/presentation.g8
[`mdoc`]: https://scalameta.org/mdoc/
